1) write a program to calculate & display area of circle using given radius.
2) write a program to calculate & display meter & remaining foot of given foot. 
3) write a program to calculate & display simple interest of given amount, rate and year.
4) write a program to calculate & display celsius of given fahrenheit.
5) write a program to calculate & display fahrenheit of given celsius.
6) write a program to calculate & display kilograms and remaining grams of given grams.

if decision statements
--------------------------
1) write a program to findout and display type of shape from given length, width. (square, portrait, landscape) using simple decision making statements.

2) write a program to findout whether given year is millennium year or not. using simple decision making statements. using simple decision making statements.

3) write a program to findout smaller triangle from 2 triangle using given length and base of triangles. 


4) write a program to calculate bmi and display obesity level of person from given height
    (foot and inch) and weight.

5) write a program to accept month number from user and display name of the month (switch statements)

6) write a program to accept day of week and then display divas and ratri choghadiya (switch statements)

7) write a program to check whether given year is leap year or not. 

8) write a program to accept birth date and month from user. decide zodiac sign from below table 
Aries: March 21–April 19
Taurus: April 20–May 20
Gemini: May 21–June 21
Cancer: June 22–July 22
Leo: July 23–August 22
Virgo: August 23–September 22
Libra: September 23–October 22
Scorpio: October 24–November 21
Sagittarius: November 22–December 21
Capricorn: December 22–January 19
Aquarius: January 20–February 18
Pisces: February 19–March 20

9) write a program to accept birth date and month of male & female. generate & display Zodiac Compatibility for marriage.
use below image
https://asknebula.com/images/zodiac-compatibility/zodiac-compatibility-chart.png
